fix(rhai): clone scope under the lock instead of holding it for the whole callback (#9825)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/customization/rhai/index.mdx

    
<Note>

> **About Currying and performance**: Rhai language supports [currying](https://rhai.rs/book/language/fn-curry.html), a technique that binds values into a function to produce a closure, and this has a performance impact in the router: curried (closure-based) callbacks are invoked **without acquiring the global `scope` mutex**, whereas non-curried callbacks briefly lock the `scope` to clone it before each call. The clone is cheap (proportional to the number of global variables in your script, not their size), so non-curried callbacks no longer serialize for their full execution time, but closure-based callbacks still avoid the lock entirely and are the recommended default.

Author: ```suggestion
**About Currying and performance**: Rhai language supports [currying](https://rhai.rs/book/language/fn-curry.html), a technique that binds values into a function to produce a closure, and this has a performance impact in the router: curried (closure-based) callbacks execute **without acquiring the global `scope` mutex**, whereas non-curried callbacks briefly lock the `scope` to clone it before each call. The clone is efficient (proportional to the number of global variables in your script, not their size), so non-curried callbacks no longer serialize for their full execution time, but closure-based callbacks still avoid the lock entirely and are the recommended default.
```
